the prayer to our Lady of Defense
Our Lady of Powerful Virgin Defense
I turn to your protection against all
assaults your terror of
evil forces
I hold in your holy mantle and I
shelter from below and not to be
kept safe and protected from all evil
mother of the most holy refuge of sinners and
you have received from God the power to
crush the head of the infernal serpent and
with every sword lifted
Demons who want to chained their children
God's
bent over the weight of my sins
I come to ask for your protection today in
every day of my life so that living
in the light your son our Lord Jesus
Christ, I can go after this walk
earth enters the celestial part
the litany of our lady of defense
Our Lady of Defense, you who are the
terror of the evil forces defending the
envy hate hatred defending pride
of pride and service
defending those of the arrogance presumption and
Cynicism Defending Hypocrisy
pretense and debauchery and defending the
selfishness and greed for
miserly will
defending them defeat failure and
Discouragement Defending Depression Distress
and despair
defending the prostration alienation
indigence defending self-pity
high rejection and self-condemnation
we defend the complex affective deprivation
and emotional
defending sexual problems
advocates of overprotection and
emotional dependence
fending given tion of idolatry
things and people defending domination
jealousy possession persecution defending love
action in
science and omission in defending
rejection and contempt excellent insulation
shyness defending loneliness and
melancholia and anguish
defending the suicide desire to die and
confusion defendentes guilt
abortion and unforgiveness and advocating
accusation breach of secrecy and avarice
defending from lies false slander
testimony we defend of the condemnation
gossip loyalty
we defend the ingratitude falsehood
cheating we defend from the sorrows
resentments and fights defending the
anger and aggression
we defend the disharmony
separation from violence
indignity we defend the robberies
kidnappings and vandalism of defending
catastrophes calamities and tests
defending the misery debts and
unemployment defending those of fear
insecurity and bad thoughts
defending the exaggerated concern
insomnia and nervous tension
we defend from the bank scare favors
defending the physical and psychological ills
espousing the inheritances
negative effects of ancestors and
defending himself from the manias farmhouses and vices
defending from seduction today and formatting
defending adultery, prostitution and
promiscuity and defend the
compulsion to third and power
defending is possible with the
gambling and chemical addiction
defending of the false prayer the objects
contaminated and superstition
we defend from the injustice of revolt and
frustration we defend the destruction and
desire for revenge by defending
murder and death wish of someone
ones of the revolt against God defending in the
disbelief doubt and lack of faith
defending from unbelief infidelity
indifference
defending oneself from obedience are
Action bellies defend a sacrilege
sepl the female defenders pray for us
Holy mother of God, so that we may be
worthy of the promises of Christ to me
Let us pray to your servants, we will not
Please God, may we always
use of the health of the soul and body and
glorious intercession of the blessed
Virgin Mary
Let us be free from sorrow and
eternal joy for Christ our Lord